vandy adjusting defensively jealousy
stays with two tight ends change that
tight in comes out the volunteers have
two receivers one to the left one to the
white there's a man in motion from the
left as Manning gives the ball off the
gram grams each one man's the five
penalty markers down four three two one
into the end zone but a penalty marker
is down on the play as the officials
come across the visit and talk and it
could have been Tennessee guilty of
violation against Vanderbilt J Graham
scores for the volunteers
now that they call fearless prize for
holding out there that was what our joy
orbison as it is celsius scored 73 yards
12 plays with graham scoring for
jealousy his 11th touched out of the
year and so here's vandeven williams is
the tailback jealousy bringing people up
tight man in motion from left to right
to give is to Williams Wiggins fumbles
the football there's a scramble court
picked up by gently the volunteers
Tyrone Han has the boss of 42 the 45 to
the system to the 45 to the 40 to the 35
30 25 20 15 10 5 touchdown Tyrone Hines
62 yards fumble recovery run back fourth
time this year by Tennessee and Tyrone
Hines once in the open bill he can move
out he took out he had some good
interference going with no way that
wasn't going to be a touchdown as he
stumbled failed he picked the thing up
and they really wasn't any black shirts
pursuing even he had two three white
shirts out in front of him running with
him 50 seconds to go of the game
Tennessee 14 Vanderbilt nothing as bandy
again lines up with a single running
back third down long Allen back to call
our
by Jonathan Brown and Buxton and so
bad he is faced with fourth down and now
the Commodores used the timeout
and that will be it as the seconds will
sink away and vanderbilt has played in
valiant style from start to finish it's
not enough and as we said when this
football game got underway the Commodore
fans this year might describe it as the
season we came close oh so close but
lost and that's what happens tonight